c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\obj\x86\Debug\Labos Madness.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Labos Madness.exe
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Labos Madness.pdb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\obj\x86\Debug\Labos Madness.exe
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\obj\x86\Debug\Labos Madness.pdb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\1up.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\1\background.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\1\gift1.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\1\gift2.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\1\gift3.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\1\gift4.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\2\background.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\2\gift1.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\2\gift2.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\2\gift3.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\2\gift4.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\3\background.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\3\gift1.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\3\gift2.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\3\gift3.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\3\gift4.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\4\background.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\4\gift1.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\4\gift2.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\4\gift3.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\4\gift4.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\background21.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\bag.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\bomb.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\collect.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\gameover.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\hiss.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\hit.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\miss.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\music.wma
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\music.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\music2.wma
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\music2.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\score.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\SR.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\SR2.xnb
c:\users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\woof.xnb
C:\Users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Labos Madness.exe.manifest
C:\Users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\bin\Windows\Debug\Labos Madness.application
C:\Users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\obj\x86\Debug\Labos Madness.exe.manifest
C:\Users\marin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Labos Madness\Labos Madness\obj\x86\Debug\Labos Madness.application
